hi I'm Maria and I love to cook and the
weather is finally getting a little
warmer so I'm gonna make a light dinner
tonight that makes me think of spring
and summer it's a chicken potato salad
so to get started I'm just sauteing a
couple of boneless skinless chicken
breasts and I just season them with some
salt and pepper
I brought a pot of water to the boil and
I'm going to go ahead and add some salt
my boiling water and then I've been
cutting up some nice wet seat red
potatoes for salads you want to use
brown potatoes round white or round
blades red because they have a better
chance of holding their shape once
they're cooked you don't want to use a
starchy variety but like an Idaho even
those wonderful a russet potato for
baking it's not so goodness at it so I'm
just going to go ahead and cut my
potatoes into Oh about three-quarter
inch chunks and then I'm going to add
them to my boiling salted water to turn
this to a boil lower the heat a little
and let them simmer for about eight
minutes and then to disabilities to act
about 2 cups of green beans that I
watched you trimmed and cut Oh to about
inch long lengths or inch and a half
long length and then I'll cook that for
another eight minutes so I'll have crisp
tender greens and my cooked potatoes so
once that comes back to the boil lower
the heat let it cook
eight minutes and then add the green
beans and watch the chicken s in disgust
you want to take them out my chickens
are cooked so I'm taking them out and
let them cool so I can cut them up
meanwhile I'm gonna get started on my
dressing it's a really simple dressing
when you use 1/2 a cup of Greek yogurt
this is fat-free Greek yogurt is
wonderful because it's pre drained and
so it tastes it's really rich and creamy
even without the fat so I'm gonna put
about 1/2 a cup of that into a little
bowl and then to that I'm going to add
about 1/3 of a cup of a light ranch
dressing and then about a tablespoon of
prepare horseradish and a little bit of
salt and pepper and just stir that up
and that's my simple dressing gonna get
my ranch cut with my low fat low fat
Greek yogurt and then about a tablespoon
of horseradish or more or less to taste
depending on what you want and then a
little bit of salt and a little bit
pepper we'll just check that potatoes
and give them a quick stir don't forget
to add the green beans but you could
cook them separately but it's nicer to
just have one pot and that's my dresser
my potatoes and green beans are done I
drain and rinse them with cold water to
cool and also to stop the cooking and
I'm going to add them to a pretty salad
bowl and I've cut up my chicken I also
really thinly sliced about three stalks
of celery I'm going to go ahead and put
everything together into my serving bowl
so in goes my potatoes and green beans
and then I'm going to add my chicken is
it three and skinless boneless chicken
breast baths and I'm going to add my
celery and then I'm going to pour my
dressing over and toss it gently to coat
and chill and then I'll serve this on a
bed of lettuce leaves pour over the
dressing and then just give it a nice
top and let it refrigerate so that all
the flavors and all honesty you might
want to use a bigger bowl so that you
don't crush everything or you can just
be really really gentle and just fold in
the dress
and after lots of gentle folding because
I was too lazy to pull out a bigger bowl
there is my beautiful potato chicken and
green bean salad happy cooking everybody